Update README.md (#40348)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/elasticsearchexporter/README.md

The Elasticsearch exporter uses the [Elasticsearch Bulk API] for indexing documents.
The behaviour of this bulk indexing can be configured with the following settings:

> - `num_workers` (default=runtime.NumCPU()): Number of workers publishing bulk requests concurrently. Note this is not applicable if `batcher` is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `num_workers` (default=runtime.NumCPU()): Number of workers publishing bulk requests concurrently. Note this is not applicable if `batcher` is non-nil
```
